welcome to Glee and in web browsers we
call its 18th of December 2019 and this
week I'm joined by Dietrich and you go
their arsenal general feel free to add
items to it I believe the first items
mine so I'll just I just show my screen
the first item on the agenda is the
stable release of IP first companion
2.10 it's a wrap roundish number so this
is a stable release it brings three
improvements in three areas first one is
the experience of visiting website which
is backed by DNS link the second one is
improved control over IP FS integrations
like enabling disabling hit pair
specific website and the third space is
the experience of importing files to
ideas so importing files type EFS in the
past looked pretty crew it was like a
crude experience users added file to
ipfs using hyperfest companion and it
opened the same file at the gateway it
was either public or local gateway but
it was it user did you know like had no
UI for managing for remembering all the
uploaded files it was just an implicit
low-level pin which was difficult to
reason about people had like thousands
of them and which one represents what
file we had it was pretty bad experience
the longer you use it so we switched our
GUI application including like IP first
companion to NFS and now when you import
file using ipfs companions interface on
the menu using this one share files I
profess or using the context menu like
click right click on an image select
image and import ifs the file will be
opened in web uisce files screen so in
it and it will also be put in a
directory with a timestamp you can
customize the path so it's now much
easier to reason what ty what files I've
added when I've added them if you want
to simply stop hosting some files you
just remove them from your NFS using web
UI user interface no law you no longer
need to worry about low-level pins we no
longer even put low-level pins just the
presence of the file in your em FS keeps
it around protects it from being garbage
collected so that's pretty big
improvement for user experience and also
you can customize the path during the ad
hoc imports for a single file that's I
think that's it for import improvements
then the control of ipfs integrations
per website is improved now there's a
single toggle under active tab for
example here you can see it's a DNS link
website loaded from local gateway
integrations are enabled so that means
the website was loaded from local
gateway and stuff like window ipfs all
the content scripts run got injected on
the page and are running however if you
like disable this the redirect will be
reverted their website no longer will be
redirected to local gateway you will get
option to open it on your great way of
your preference in this case it's a
local host one but that will happen in a
new tab it will not like share the
origin it will open your tab
that would be a separate an instance of
that website so if you prefer that you
can also change this behavior and like
disable redirect of the enhancing
website permanently or just like our
website using this toggle I believe
that's it more or less we also if you
choose to disable redirect of DNS linked
websites you have option to steal in the
background to reload the data to your
local node so even though you would use
the original HTTP server or flag of the
website outers choice if the server goes
down I prefers companion would try to
recover and open it from local Gateway
and local Gateway would not have to
waste time for finding the content on
the network because that would be
already on your local node and there's
new web UI which has some improvements
around sharing files now when you share
a single file the link contains the file
name and some interesting developments
including restored ESR compatibility for
Firefox users so if you are using
Firefox CSR this latest version we is
now compatible again and you can get all
those new features I believe that's it
for companion updates Oh last last thing
to mention is you can install it today
from Firefox store at Firefox add-on
store or you can wait about one week
until it's accepted to Chrome Web Store
if you are like chromium browser user
details are here I'll probably mention
it multiple times of people already
tired of me mention it but if you
install from Chrome Web Store you will
get the older version eventually it will
automatically get updated but for now if
you want latest and the greatest maybe
consider switching
folks who knows I think that's it and
the questions are on this release yeah I
didn't I had a question about so the MF
s changes are are amazing like that is
so so great that files uploaded are MF s
by default I had a question about
metadata there's been talk about adding
metadata to support at different places
the directory structure of the resulting
of MF s adds here end up with these
directory a file directory file
directory file directory file which is
kind of a pain and not really how the
experience that people have in finder or
Windows Explorer today and there we get
their file system so what is the path
forward for utilizing core support for
metadata when will that lammed what part
of that future will be and how will that
is there is the goal here to migrate to
that type of metadata system as opposed
to this directory structure it's a good
question
it's a first tab and the simplest way
was just to make it like time stamp
based so at least you know when you
uploaded it and you can reason that oh
it's like a year old or like half a year
old I probably don't need to this data
around when it comes to metadata we like
we are technically able to store things
like if it's imported from a specific
website like the original URL and stuff
like that we don't have a good place for
storing that metadata I mean we could
come up with some very thin JSON based
file format and just like drop
additional file into a directory unique
surface as far as I know simply just
allows like simple attributes maybe new
surface v2 would allow more advanced
metadata to be embedded within the dock
but right now the only way to add they
like method additional metadata is just
like to add additional
a file to the directory it's an open I'd
say it's an open open problem is it like
refining this user experience of how -
how
file import should look like I believe I
prefers companion is the first GUI
application in IP for second system
which actually does this so because like
we we had to figure it out where to put
files and like putting everything on the
road was probably not the best idea so
this is like the second worst worst idea
I don't have good answer to this just
that it's a first iteration even the
like timestamp times time based path
it's just like a proposal we can change
it in the next version we can migrate
users like the new users to a new path
it's it's not like it's breaking
anything if we change the default
destination it's just it just needs much
more thought especially if we make this
change of adding files automatically
imports them to NFS there was the there
is a proposal by Alain I believe to like
change like ipfs add command the command
blind one - i PFS import and make it
instead of like the adding low-level
ping by default importing it to a
directory in EMFs like slash imports and
it's also like the same open question
there how should that directory
structure be look like what type of
metadata do we want to store do we want
to store like the path from which we
imported the file so it's I feel those
are valid questions but we should not
like evaluate them excuse me evaluate
them only like from IP first compile
perspective I'd say it's more important
to think about them from that
perspective of this command-line core
API v1 which will replace the current
one
not sure if it's useful that's
I see a a long and long and complicated
road ahead
it's alright better just already better
so much I like having like a schism yeah
I think from it from it from a design
perspective too I think we kind of
having a goal like is it an explicit
goal to have a files 8 as close to a
file system like experience or not will
help us kind of figure out what the
requirements are and I guess you know
the TLDR like my ask of this work is
that we think about what that we decide
what that diet design goal is so that we
can feed the requirements back into the
core so if if the if we think that we
want that type of experience to be
possible then we should be telling the
core teams what we need from unifix UNIX
FS v2 or what we need from GOP vets
didn't go I profess to be able to
implement people to do these things
yeah I believe it's a it's a right way
that the only thing is that could not be
super focused around companion it's more
we should focus on the command line one
and then adjust complementation
companion so that's a good question I
guess I'm not sure I agree
there that like I feel like our the the
power that we have with companion is a
exploration space for what the end-user
application patterns are going to be and
the command line experience is not can
help us flesh out what those needs are
oh yeah sorry I I probably I skipped a
few sentences which I had in my mind
what I mean is the the key problem that
this release of ideas compile sauce is
the situation when someone learns about
type EFS and they like oh they add a
file from the command line like a facade
file and they don't see it in web UI
right yeah so definitely just a problem
yeah yeah so the user experience I have
in mind is this entire like this path
when someone adds from the command line
it should be visible in the web UI and
it should not feel too different to what
companion is doing right now so it
should be like like remove complexity it
just added stripe the first people
should not think that it's like em FS it
was just imported and I can like manage
write more on that in the future
next topic maintenance of ipfs public
gateway checker I can like quickly share
screen it's something I wanted to
mention that there is this community
list of public gateways and
[Music]
simply check switch gateway is up which
gateway supports chorus color and stuff
like that I see probably my PR got
merged cuz it looks different
yep so there are like there have been a
list of peers which were not reviewed
but we will do our best to get to those
in more timely manner I'm not sure if
there's more to add to that it's on my
list to to check into this repo just
like we probably should for awesome IP
of SEO and other websites we just need
to figure out a framework how to ensure
there's always like someone checking on
those we pose it's just like yet another
report that we we have it's like under
ipfs org for historical reasons but it's
actually like ipfs CPR it's like
community driven provided by community
we don't maintain those gateways those
are just like volunteers providing their
server servers and bandwidth
and we should like we should make a
better job I'll figure it out how to be
a better steward to those public
resources is there do we need to maybe
have like a a weekly just like a weekly
triage where we have a list of repose
cuz it's definitely like this meeting
like we talked about I saw my PFS being
in this meeting also and that was kind
of just like us stepping in to fill the
gap but there might be from a community
perspective like a a broader ipfs
community issue triage to make sure that
these repos are are not falling behind
I might well so exactly what I've been
thinking it's sort of like like we had
those types of waffle boards or like Zen
boards or maybe like github projects
would probably be enough when there's
like an inbox of new issues which needs
to be triggers and probably could set
something like that we had one for like
we have one for asking you terrible's to
the fact or I believe
all the repos we could have won that
this dedicated board for those ipfs
shipyard and community repos which we
really want to attend to but not always
have time or there are like other fires
if we had like separate could be part of
community call or maybe a separate call
I don't want to but it's something to
think about you then I profess community
manager Job Description should go live
the next couple of days and I think that
would be like the definitely the role
that would maybe help drive some of this
but there's this projects like this are
kind of in between like they're it's not
awesome I profess there's definitely
more on the community end of things
public Gateway checker areas like okay
are people people operating gateways are
definitely part of our community but
it's a very different roles right and
then maybe not contributing to people
that are contributing to the core so
it's kind of both in support of broader
adoption stuff around public gateways
but also community I do kind of tend to
think that if we if the the list of
these repos is probably pretty short
like five of the ones that we really
want to make sure don't fall too far
behind and a weekly community call my
might be the right place to do that
twenty one twenty twenty yes yep I think
that one is as well me so I finally got
to the PR with end-to-end tested for
where do I and if it's green now yep so
it's still not still not finished I want
to add the better test for peers and for
like uploading directory on the file
screen however I believe it right now if
we see the build the way it works it
runs into and tests
both go and Jas and don't stir so super
fast like 10 seconds because it there's
not much just like I used the latest
ipfs the control which is super cool and
I'm just a puppeteer and that's it and
the way we maybe not here I just wanted
to show how how its how easy it is if
I'm not i misclicked apology it's as
easy as this but you you just run
tantrum test with this command by
default it will run against go ideas
however you can customize and run it
against jails and if you want to
customize either go on J's version that
you are running against you do that with
you do that with within package.json the
go version is here it's the go idea
first step is a go binary that we
published when p.m. and Jace ipfs is
here so in case of Jace ipfs when we
will want to like be a part of this
early adopter program in Jessica's they
would use they would like check out the
web UI repo and simply bump this version
here to their own like from the like the
latest master or something like that and
then run tests against us and that will
run end to end test against like the
latest Jacek EFS which is which will
tell us if it's breaking our and turn
test is it breaking anything in web UI I
feel that's more or less I yeah I'll
just finish it probably this week or
after Christmas and
it will be ready when we reach the new
year okay I'm curious about the the and
adhere to if you have any opinions and
thoughts on whether package that JSON is
the right way to be able to swap
different versions so what does the
workflow look like for a go engineer who
wants to run this test against changes
they've made to Co IP vests or one of
those repos so does that make it easy
for them does that work without they're
our CI works oh I forgot
Hugo yeah I think it was already like
there's a third type of of a TFS
decontrol like the remote one when you
can specify a specific host name and
port so I added it's not on the to do
but I'll add it it would even the third
type is in process oh yeah but the third
type to this set up when you pass URL of
the HTTP API that you want to test
against and that will enable people to
test run end-to-end test against like
any node they want like if they build
custom go ipfs on their local machine
they don't have it published anywhere
they just run it so that will be like
the third option and it will be
documented in their written oh yeah you
can set a set up with an endpoint option
yep yeah yep do you do you set up how do
you set up the CTL do you really find oh
yeah it's I create a factory and the
type of factory is defined it depends on
the environment variable if it's present
yeah but you need to define the
just show me cheese jump to it here it's
basically this okay that is not right
the type the type is right but that will
not guarantee you that the test will run
with versions you have in packages they
will use it use the version from the
path it will use are you setting up the
path no okay so that's that setup will
use the versions in ipfs DCT alpaca
Jason Oh cuz it's ships with the its own
yeah okay alright what do you need to do
is you you can pass the second option to
the the factory which basically
overrides by type and you can set up
everything for each type and then when
you spawn just you just you get the
options pretty fine I think I've seen
how they customized the JIT first binary
so I'll do that before
you should also you should also set up
the HTTP client and JSF defense you
basically have three options one for the
binary one for the HTTP clients and one
for Jessica first score and you should
set up all of them for each time that
you want to run and then the stuffy you
are using the environmental variable it
should go into spawn and not in
create factory thanks
so you can extract the factory out of
the function there and just call spawn
so you pretty fine everything at the
beginning of your code flow or whatever
and then where you are creating factory
you should only be calling spawn with
everything else pretty fine probably
mention you when I'm like ready with DPR
just double-check
thanks next one is Oprah Butte real
quick before we leave testing see I
think this was on the key for okay ours
specific
so can you add a and a note and do the
final scoring there if you haven't
already because I think and this is the
kind of the patch of getting the test up
but I think we also want to get that
into CI as well like have this running
automatically and I feel like we haven't
figured out where when we want these
tests exactly the run like it should be
in a go FS CI it should be the chase up
to us yeah it should be a CI for when we
make changes to this code as well it's
like the PR already has update for the
CI of the web UI repo and when it's
merged I will I will appear at least J's
ipfs one with go yeah I'll figure it out
probably when I might change the skill
go describe one more thing this is this
is running in chrome right with
puppeteer so if you are only setting up
the type go and type Jas
this is doing remote daemon remote
remote daemon controller so you should
add a third type so you can test the JSI
PFS instance running in the browser in
the same context like in ipfs component
yeah yeah yeah but i think like for like
developers just like the trick you
mentioned that the remote one it's
probably the most useful when you're
just you know they either change the the
package jason or they provide the the
API endpoints with a an environmental
variable right
g3
IRA moving on to opera yeah wait that's
not everything okay as long as
everything's tested so we had I think
the last issue that we had to report
back to opera for the latest build was
about the origin isolation I I haven't
had time to go back and look at that
more detail but I know that you were
checking that out I I don't think I've
got back here to the appeal like I've
seen your feedback on the pier but it's
not much yet wait which here a wave with
a test for our original selection I yeah
I simply wanted to see what's under
window location object so that's a good
smoke test is there actual original
selection because you can the URL object
so you can check origin attribute is it
like the root of the Gateway or is it
like the same thing conduct as the
content root in ipfs so it's a good
place to check because if that place is
set correctly nearly it's like probably
everything else works because that like
it's like the key indicator for hours in
isolation all right so I guess my
question then is is is there do we need
are the changes that we need to make we
need to ask them to make I'd say yes I
think we want that fixed
we were these the functionality removed
right yeah we just need to be very
specific what we what's the minimum fix
here the minimum yeah here is to have
unique origin per ipfs content words so
ipfs content route is basically like the
cid right so yeah if they use under like
under the UI if they just use HTTP a
gateway it needs to be subdomain gateway
if they implement native protocol the
native protocol itself should use the
cid as the outer attic
component of the URL both solve the
security problem and the subdomain
gateway is probably most more realistic
if they are using clicking genre and
like they need to like provide like
things around or something okay okay can
you write write up those couple of
sentences yes wait that's the sentences
you just said aloud and I will add them
while you move to the next point
the next item arranged and when I find
theta gender might Adams is browser
design guideline so Jim Co Simmons I'm
working on that they passed the research
phase we're now into the final set of
recommendations and formulating what
this looks like the results could be a
deck and that will probably like I'll do
it and that I confess weekly will like
main a test back by giving a
presentation of the final results it was
it was really interesting the kind of
the interviews of we interviewed
designers at a couple of different
browser vendors that lead designer for
Firefox a UX designer for the different
Firefox Mobile's we talked to the lead
that one of the lead designers at brave
and then he it also interviewed but a
number of non-technical users kind of
about ideas and attitudes around the
location bar or the address bar as we
are now calling it because they're not
just locations there anymore
and it was really interesting conclusion
or findings around that the human
readable names like we're like we kind
of in the abstract say hey whatever's in
there should be a human readable thing
but it's a little deeper than that like
people actually do make unlike relative
value judgments on on how much they
understand what something is based on
the path structures of addresses you
know things like even if
not technical you understand what like
blog slash 2020 slash a 1/13 slash my
new blog post like you can look at that
and at a glance understand get some
understanding and value from what's
happening there even if you don't know
what it means so there's like when
people look at the URL bar they might
not understand what it means in terms of
a network operation happening request
response whether it comes from one
server or many whether it's of what a
404 means of why like so there's a lot
lack of understanding from the technical
aspect but there's also a lot of
cognitive processing that happens of the
location bar people know padlock is good
Green is good but they don't understand
that underpinnings of why and this makes
the design question around what padlock
alternatives would be really important
and that's kind of where we're at in the
in the process now is synthesizing the
results of that research in order and
then using that in the context of what
ipfs means when it's ipfs colon slash
slash in the browser you know we're
talking about willing what is the
distinction between transport level
encryption but an absence of a DNS based
trust model well it combined with the
cryptographic verification that means
that nothing was a man-in-the-middle so
or also how do you visually communicate
the fact that if something loaded at
this address with ipfs it is the only
thing that ever will learn at this
address or nothing might load at this
address it's either this or nothing yeah
like the people don't have a concept or
even like a language around immutability
right it's like it's super important
property which we just don't have visual
language or ya know like so we're
talking about things like each part of
this might even be like put going to the
thesaurus and giving a little word cloud
for each one of these things so we're
like you know currently here's what the
lock means how would you show this
differently like with the lock have a
a little badge on it with the number of
peers connected at the time you have a
constant view of how many peers are
connected you only show where the peers
are connected when somebody's looking at
this resource to you do you make changes
to the lock color to identify the
transport level encryption happens but
there's no business registered with an
SSL certificate so right now like
there's a lot of like the way that
browsers approach communicating this is
really relies on DNS as the trust model
for that encryption so you have
transport level encryption but
ultimately like trust model ties back to
the fact that the SSL certificate ties
to a DNS registration and the DNS
restoration is tied to a physical
address that you can mail something to
or that you could drive your car to you
and walk up and knock on the door and
also believe that's fake that's false
right but that's the only thing
that browsers have and it's so what is
it it actually does not need to be an
address like if you are using like AK
man exactly I know like so we have this
collective like from us from a from a
browser security engineering though an
internet security engineering standpoint
they they do lean on that like that is
that is all we got and they understand
that that's like we're working with what
well we got like and that that that's we
don't have another alternative and the
alternative that kept us presents is is
challenging because well we guarantee
transport level encryption so we have
transport level security from that
perspective by default 90 bucks right we
don't have content level encryption and
that's fine there's no expectation of
guarantee now we don't have the old user
identity and key system no problem but
the trust there's a non a nonzero value
to the trust model that's implied by
having a SSL register Dena SSL
encryption that's tied directly to the
DNS registration of a specific
right and we don't have anything to
offer there we say there's no
man-in-the-middle risk great but what
trust Authority does the does the
address itself come with we're like
we're done mainly there's zero and our
path based addressing model kind of
underscores the risks of that which is
everything falls into this kind of
global scope of data and you hate wave
your hands and say if it came
unencumbered with risk of man in the
middling that you should be able to
trust it like yeah I don't think anybody
really actually thinks that we don't
think that really but we haven't
presented another model for evaluating
the relative trust of an address that
was given to you out of band if that
address came to you through a chat app
and you clicked that link and it opened
up in your IP FS based mobile browser
how do you evaluate the relative trust
of that well it's from where you got it
right so ultimately what our trust model
comes down to is the fact that we say
users have to take the responsibility
and ownership right now of trusting
addresses that received out-of-band
where did it come from that's really all
we have to lean on and put browsers is
actually doing better you know they're
like then we have this whole separate
system for for placing that trust even
though it might be misguided and not
ultimately that much value because you
can hide your ID either for the little
low cost of one dollar a year right so
but there's a little bit of there's like
this gap that side it's pretty useful
exercise in just kind of thinking
through where those gaps are we can't
pretend like we don't have them so and
it in order to be able to close those
gaps or at least minimize them it's
really important for us to acknowledge
that they exist and this exercise is
really good I think there's gonna be a
really good outcome in in I'd be able to
have a language and with clear
understanding and articulation of what
those gaps are when you actually have to
walk through the process of how it how
would I design a browser for for a
billion people to use that support side
BFS and then you have you're confronted
with these types of questions so I think
the end result is can be really good and
I'm excited to be able to share the
results pre in January well polished up
and done so maybe that one of the I
could
weeklies in January will be a
walkthrough of this work um but again
there's this like it's very interesting
cuz this is the really it jump forward
in thinking about what native IP bus
looks like and as we found in the CID
and subdomain stuff is for going on in
the IFS hosting web apps and how that
the people in our own community are very
they lean heavily on success looking
like a local host URL that companion
redirects to a local gateway that
redirect that is desktop and that
looking like success and if we wanted if
we want to leapfrog that to like being
able to set ourselves up for a mass
adoption we need to be able to visualize
what native I professor actually looks
like and actually what their what the
relative risks are and designing for it
is good exercise and doing that so I
feel like we're gonna have well there's
a lot of side benefits of doing this
work in helping us reorient our own
community thinks about what ifs success
looks like and it's it's complicated it
really points out some of the you know
glaring bits in the in the overall
application model from a privacy and
security and surveillance like we don't
have good answers for surveillance like
especially if I every ipfs addresses its
own origin like you can still set
cookies and stuff and you could still
make network requests to two ways people
they could track you like it's nothing
really preventing that kind of thing
from happening like what is the
serviceworker loaded into an IP FS
origin mean honestly you don't even like
even if you like that don't think about
the browser context like the distributed
mechanics make it like there's actually
it's easier to track who's interested in
specific content yeah so we need to be
able to have and it we need to have a
plan and and a story around how we
communicate those relative risks
if we want to you know have have
browsers at the billion user or even
hundred million user level consider
adoption
ipfs so this is some front work way in
advance of solving those problems later
and hopefully setting us up for a more a
clearer and more honest understanding of
where the gaps are in the technical
solution is IP best so that we can fix
those earlier rather than later
so after fun stuff
supercro to see a movement in this
problem space usually it's been either
like very hand wavy or just like not
address at all and those are super hard
questions keeping like the history of
the mental model around secure web
security and and how different our
security guarantees are right now yeah I
think there's a there's an exercise to
be done in trade-offs to like like all
of security and privacy is a question of
trade-offs anyway and I want us to be
able really clear about when we're
making when users are presented with the
options of trade-offs there so a user
might say I and I am aware that this
content is not sensitive and therefore I
am taking down my tracking shields I
don't care how many people I get it from
just want the image to load and I am
choosing local network reliability and
stability over broader trucking
guarantees but like that's a that's an
option we should let people make and I
looking at
I confess choices through the lens of
those types of trade-offs it will help
us understand the user better and what
their needs are and what the context
under which their decision-making it's
gonna it's gonna happen there's still a
lot of a lot of work to do there I feel
like this is just the beginning it's
it's interesting how some lessons could
be learned from from the old world like
from the existing HTTP system when we
did there's this problem of like man in
the middle or like centralized servers
and the projects like tor and tor
browser like providing a different set
of guarantees to like users who need
them and they there's even like a slider
which is like
gives a convenience versus like speed we
probably will need a version of that at
some point more on that in the future I
guess
awesome idea first triage which yeah
when we talked about it we got a few
minutes left should I share my school am
i sharing my screen all right all right
this one is familiar you know I think I
commented from this I know I commented
because I had no I still don't have much
in this week that makes three ash bit
harder for me yeah I I already like gave
thumbs up for this because it's like
meeting content policy there's like a
three tier of their gateway I believe
let's double check all right you have no
choice now I think they also made some
experimental enhancements of the gateway
so they like they provide the gateway
which you can like pass parameter to
right
custom content type which is interesting
thing I want to look at because it's
both interesting from the security
standpoint what are unknown like risks
related to that however we had
historically problems like people wanted
to load webassembly files from our
gateways and our gateways were not
returning the proper content type
effectively like blocking people from
using IP FS for distribution of web
websites which run web assembly and the
way content type header is returned from
our from all gateways exposed by go IDF
s is basically either content sniffing
based on the few bytes from the
beginning of the file or as a fallback
or maybe a priority just like the last
characters after dot I get best best
guess of the file type which is very
crude thing and like this we had the
same problem with like what package like
sign HTTP exchanges when we participated
in the origin trial we had to overwrite
content type at the entry next level and
a lot of people who want to run like
webassembly under stuff they basically
need to override that at the nginx
level so we probably could improve that
oh I can merge I can merge them question
do we merge or do is caution large we
probably merge thoughts feelings I
honestly I don't think it really matters
that much I think in this report it's
it's fine to just merge I mean we we
have an action item to totally change
how the whole process works anyway let's
let me quickly like see what's what's
the compassionate for this repo I don't
want to anger people who will be raining
I think it's quite usually squash but
sometimes much
I'll just squash because it's like
easier I'm a fan
I'm a fan of squashy smiley faces
alright guys I think we got like three
minutes so I don't feel it will be fair
for the next one to rush it yeah what we
probably should spend more time maybe
like when that recurring call for those
types of things happen yeah I got
permissions now so I have no excuse
alright and it's nice to see you both my
favorite meeting of the week see you in
January this time for real there's no
meeting next week and for the next next
week see you in January
happy
[Music]